



20


can do more for a man here, than in any other part
of the world ? And is not this truth, which is so
obvious that none can deny it, founded in this plain
reason, that labor, in this country, earns a better re-
ward than any where else, and so gives more com-
fort, more individual independence, and more eleva-
tion of character ?  Whatever else may benefit par-
ticular portions of society, whatever else may assist
.capital, whatever else may favor sharp-sighted com-
mercial enterprise, professional skill, or extraordinary
individual sagacity or good fortune, be assured, gen-
tlemen, that nothing can advance the mass of society,
in prosperity and happiness, nothing can uphold the
.substantial interest, and steadily improve the general
condition and character of the whole, but this one
thing, compensating rewards to labor. The fortunate
situation of our country tends strongly, of itself, to
produce this result; the government has adopted the
policy of co-operating with this natural tendency of
things: it has encouraged and fostered labor and
industry, by a system of discriminating duties; and
:the result of these combined causes may be seen in
ithe present circumstances of the country.
   Gentlemen, there are important considerations of
 another kind, connected with this subject. Our gov-
 ernment is popular; popular in its foundation, and
 popular in its exercise. The actual character of the
 government can never:be better than tpe general moral
 and intellectual character of the community. It would
 be the wildest of human imaginations, to expect a
 poor, vicious and ignorant people to maintain a good
 popular government. Education and knowledge,


